.. raw:: html

  <head>
    <link href="../../_static/custom.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  </head>

API FAQ
=======

.. contents::

General Information
-------------------

What is the GeoAdmin API ?
**************************

The GeoAdmin API allows the integration in web pages of geospatial information provided by the Swiss Confederation and Cantons.

The GeoAdmin API provides also :ref:`rest_services`

Who can use the GeoAdmin API ?
******************************

The GeoAdmin API terms of use are accessible here: `Terms of Use <https://www.geo.admin.ch/de/geo-services/geo-services/portrayal-services-web-mapping/programming-interface-api/order_form.html>`_

What is the license of the GeoAdmin API ?
*****************************************

The GeoAdmin JavaScript API has a BSD license.

Are the GeoAdmin services running ?
***********************************

The status of all GeoAdmin services and applications is available here: http://status.geo.admin.ch 

What are the technical restrictions of the GeoAdmin API ?
*********************************************************

The GeoAdmin API has been tested in the two last versions of the following browsers:  Firefox, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari.

The GeoAdmin API does support mobile devices.

How to use the GeoAdmin API in a CMS ?
********************************************

The link is here: `Geoadmin API in CMS <../integrate_cms.html>`_

Is there a forum or a mailing list ?
************************************

Yes, under http://groups.google.com/group/geoadmin-api
Feel free to use it and ask all the questions you want.

.. _available_layers:

Which layers are available ?
****************************

Some layers can’t be freely used. These layers are accessible by the way of `swisstopo web access - WMTS documentation <https://www.swisstopo.ch/webaccess>`_

The list below includes the layers that require a swisstopo web acesss:

.. raw:: html

   <body>
      <div id="chargeableLayers" style="margin-left:10px;margin-bottom:24px;"></div>
   </body>

The following list contains all the free accessible layers:

.. raw:: html

   <body>
      <div id="notChargeableLayers" style="margin-left:10px;margin-bottom:24px"></div>
   </body>


.. raw:: html

   <script type="text/javascript">

   function init() {
    $.getJSON( "../../rest/services/api/faqlist", function( data ) {
      var layersApi = data;
      var translationsApi = data.translations;
      var names = ["chargeableLayers", "notChargeableLayers", "tooltipLayers", "searchableLayers"];
      for (var index=0; index < names.length; index++) {
        var name = names[index];
        var newInner = "<br><table border=\"0\">";
        var counter = 1;
        for (var layer in layersApi[name]) {
          newInner += '<tr><td>' + counter + '</td><td><a href="http://map3.geo.admin.ch/?layers=' +
                layersApi[name][layer] + '" target="new"> ' + layersApi[name][layer] + '</a>&nbsp('+translationsApi[layersApi[name][layer]]+')</td></tr>';
          counter++;
        }
        document.getElementById(name).innerHTML = newInner;
        newInner = [];
      }
    });
   }

   </script>

   <body onload="init();">
   </body>

.. _querybale_layers:

Which layers have a tooltip?
****************************

Not all the layers have a tooltip. Below, you can find the complete list all the layers that have a tooltip:

.. raw:: html

  <body>
    <div id="tooltipLayers" style="margin-left:10px;margin-bottom:24px;"></div>
  </body>

.. _searchable_layers:

Which layers are searchable?
****************************

A layer is searchable when its features can be searched. Below, you can find the complete list of all searchable layers:

.. raw:: html

  <body>
    <div id="searchableLayers" style="margin-left:10px;margin-bottom:24px;"></div>
  </body>

How can I have access to the tiles ?
************************************

The tiles used in the GeoAdmin API are generated by `TileCache <http://www.tilecache.org>`_ and are stored according to
a RESTful OGC `Web Map Tile Service <http://www.opengeospatial.org/standards/wmts>`_ Implementation Standard schema.

The parameters for the tiles are the following:

 * **Resolution** (meters): 4000,3750,3500,3250,3000,2750,2500,2250,2000,1750,1500,1250,1000,750,650,500,250,100,50,20,10,5,2.5,2,1.5,1,0.5,0.25,0.1

 * **Maximum extent bounding box**: 420000,30000,900000,350000

 * **Coordinate system**: EPSG:21781

For practical information on how to use the tiles, see our description of the `WMTS <../../services/sdiservices.html#wmts>`_ service.

Where is the source code ?
**************************

The source code of the GeoAdmin API project can be found here: https://github.com/geoadmin/ol3

I have difficulty to use map.geo.admin.ch, where can I get more help ?
**********************************************************************

The help pages of http://map.geo.admin.ch is accessible here: http://help.geo.admin.ch/

Can I use http://localhost to test my developments ?
****************************************************

Yes, localhost can be used to test the developments. In all cases, you have to follow the `Terms of Use <https://www.geo.admin.ch/de/geo-services/geo-services/portrayal-services-web-mapping/programming-interface-api/order_form.html>`_.

Where can I get information about OWSChecker ?
**********************************************

These information can be found in the `API REST Services <../../services/sdiservices.html#owschecker-check-conformity-with-ech-0056>`_ section.

Where can I get information about OEREB/RDPPF Feature Service ?
***************************************************************
These information can be found on the `OEREB/RDPPF: Feature Service <../../services/oerebservices.html>`_ page.
